Thanks [introducer], I hope you’re all doing well this evening. For those of you who may not know me, my name is Jonah and this past year has been my first as a part of Michigan Hackers. [Running for VP of internal] In my time here so far I’ve noticed a lot of things that I love about the program as well as a lot of things I think could use some improvement and I think I have a lot that I can contribute to the program. Hopefully in the next few minutes I can make clear what some of those goals are.

First, I love that Michigan Hackers has such a large emphasis on community. It was the first thing that I personally noticed as a nervous incoming freshman 8 months ago, and I’m sure I’m not alone in that. We strive to make everyone feel welcome and don’t put up any barriers to participation. I love this state of mind and want to make that Image of community more obvious. It has clearly been an extremely difficult year for making newcomers feel welcome, and I believe that as a result next year needs to start off even stronger building teams on an emotional level. Every team I’ve ever worked with has worked so much better when it is with people that I truly know. With a sophomore class that has no experience being part of in person Hackers events on top of an incoming freshman class, next year will need to have an extreme focus on making members feel welcome and I intend to help make that transition as smooth as possible. From more community and fun focused events outside of the allotted Thursday hacknights, to simplified onboarding, I think there are plenty of ways to make everyone feel like they have a place in Michigan hackers. 

Another way I think we could expand as a group is by collaborating more with both other clubs on campus as well as guest speakers from sponsors and alumni. I understand that this is something that is already being explored but I feel like there is a lot of room to grow here, especially when it comes to informing members of said events.

Lastly Michigan Hackers as a community can grow through an expansion of our platform. Currently, we utilize Slack and E-mail for communication and run accounts on twitter, instagram, and facebook. Slack and E-mail work great for announcements and keeping members up to speed, but they don’t really invite members to be themselves and interact. I would look into the benefits of instituting a more social platform such as Discord that would give members a place to congregate when meeting in person is not possible. As for our social media, utilizing these accounts more actively and highlighting our members as well as their projects will keep members interacting with our platform and give them a place to display the fruits of their labors. 

Thanks so much for your attention, I really hope that some of what I had to say will stick with you and I’m greatly looking forward to doing my part keeping Michigan Hackers a phenomenal platform for creativity. Thank you.
